oh hello i'm i'd like to report a
missing person
who's missing it's my father it's
michael ben and ross
okay what's your name hey it's oliver
he's also suffering a paranoid
schizophrenia and hasn't
taken his medications as soon as you
walk in the door you could see
that michael is a very ill person the
chaos of his house parallels
in my opinion the chaos of his mind
sad isn't it that someone has been
living like this he's such a shame
because he's such a funny person
but his state's just got worse and worse
i just want him better he's a really
heavy smoker he's got copd
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease so
really really big issues with his
breathing and so
if he's gotten he can't have gone fast
you seem to get into a vehicle i think
it might be a taxi
[Music]
the priority is to start getting people
into that area sooner rather later
the longer he stays out his chances of
survival out in that environment start
to reduce
dramatically with paranoid schizophrenia
it's not easy shouting out their name
because you'll scare them
you have to be mindful that you could
scan further away if he says people are
chasing me and he looks around
and there's a field full of people
chasing him everything he thinks is
happening
is happening to him
hello first piece alex tv from
gloucestershire's police it's just some
good news for you we've
we've found your dad oh thank god he's
safe and well and we've had him checked
over by the ambulance staff
okay thank you all right there it is
the last information we have that he's
used his bank details
um to hire a hire car the fact he's
hired a car is a good thing
from a searching perspective because as
the likelihood is he's still in the
vehicle
and we know once he's in a vehicle we
can track his movements quite accurately
he's been around all over the place le
hampton road this afternoon
his behavior in that vehicle appears
very erratic he's popping in and out of
the county
with no rhyme or reason as to where he's
going there's a marker on his vehicle
that can be seen by
any force in the country and should acts
on that marker
if he enters the air force area hello
gloss it's west mercier
hello westminster how are you we found
your harvest missing person
hello just let you know where we found
your dad up towards worcester
worcester yeah i'm just
past moments in worcester yeah
he was brought in the other day with me
reporting yeah
how is he got out he lives just
snuck out essentially
[Music]
he got on to the cross country jakarta
at 21 27 hours the train
also stops at lydney chepster cold court
710 on newport
before cardiff
he could have simply got the next rain
coming the other way come back in
through gloucester and out to the side
atm so i've got that at 1208 today 250
pound and that's his current account
number anyway isn't it
is he definitely made his way down the
fish guard in order to get onto a ferry
you're thinking well was it him using
the card if it wasn't him using the card
who was using the card and if it was him
is he likely to jump on a ferry and go
across abroad
we were looking at ferry times you know
we had a four hour time frame you start
looking at the mapping and realizing
it's going to take
you know good two and three hours to get
there so you're cutting it quite fine
i'm wondering if you've had a michael
dennen ross or michael lynch stay with
you
he doesn't come out of the room only
before breakfast
and he's still here we're currently
making on blue lights to you so we're
not that far away but we just don't want
him to know at all that we're coming
because he may try and evade us
hello there michael how are you all
right
okay so what we intend on doing michael
is transporting you back
all right had he not been in the hotel
had he been outside he would have been
really suffering quite badly
so yeah it was an absolute relief that
he was there in the hotel room hi ollie
hello how are you i'm all right i'm all
right sorry about that
you're going to come and see me all
right okay i'll see you tomorrow all
right
yeah okay love you we really thought the
worst
and so when we heard his voice the first
time after he was found it was a very
emotional time for us
why have you come all the way down to
fishgard i'm far enough away to have a
holiday
and just didn't didn't want to be found
just wanted space
people who are all over me all the time
have fed up with it yeah
and i bet we've got no privacy okay
we wondered if you were going to take a
ferry or anything like that it just
crossed my mind
did it yeah great should we get you in
the van
come on my friend okay
[Music]
i said to him you've got to stop doing
this because
you know you've put your life at risk
and you're getting
you know half the police force looking
for you i think he had the sudden
realization that actually i need to be a
bit more cooperative
things are looking better and better
touchwood
that is prime he's just a great person
so
the fact we're now in the process of
breaking that cycle i think is just
great progress
you